Omit LastDeployed when it's empty (#483)
giantswarm/apiextensions: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - No longer required to have `lastDeployed` in App, Chart CRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make .status.release.lastDeployed of app and chart CRs optional.
```

What about this? I stole it from `Make .status.kvm.nodeIndexes of KVMConfig optional.` 😄

Author: Nice, Let's use this.
